ATTAC LICENSE AND LIMITED WARRANTY 
This legal document is an agreement between you ("Licensee") and the 
authors of ATTAC. 

TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 

This Software is licensed only to the individual that purchases the 
original license and may ONLY be transferred after written agreement with 
the authors of ATTAC. 

OWNERSHIP OF SOFTWARE 

Title to the Software will at all times remain with the authors of ATTAC. 
You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile or 
disassemble the Software or try to break the registration code. 

COPY RESTRICTIONS 

This software and the accompanying written materials are copyrights. 
Unauthorized copying of the Software or written materials is expressly 
forbidden.  You will be held legally responsible for any copyright 
infringement which is caused or encouraged by your failure to abide by the 
terms of this agreement. 

USE RESTRICTIONS 

The Licensee is obtaining limited rights to use the ATTAC software.  The 
Licensee is licensed to use ATTAC on single or multiple personal 
computers, as long as the Licensee is the only person to used the 
registered version of ATTAC on each of these computers. You may not adopt, 
translate, or create derivative works based on the written materials 
without prior written consent of the ATTAC authors. 

TERM OF LICENSE 

This License is effective until terminated. This license will terminate 
immediately without notice from the ATTAC authors if you fail to comply 
with any provision of this license.  Upon termination, you must destroy 
the Software, the written materials, and all copies.  You may terminate 
the license at any time by destroying the Software, the written materials, 
and all copies. 

UPDATE POLICY 

The authors of ATTAC may create, from time to time, updated versions of the 
Software.  The authors of ATTAC will make such updates available to all 
Licensees and might send email upgrade notices. 

LIMITED WARRANTY 

The authors of ATTAC do not warrant, guarantee or make any representation 
regarding the use, of the Software or written materials in terms of 
correctness, accuracy, reliability, currency, or otherwise.  The entire 
risk, as to the results and performance of the Software, is assumed by 
you. 

The authors of ATTAC's entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be 
the replacement of any broken or missing files found to be defective on 
our home page for download by Licensee. 

The above is the only warranty of any kind, either express or implied, 
statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied 
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose that is 
made by the authors of ATTAC on the Software.  No oral or written 
information or advice given by the authors of ATTAC, its dealers or 
distributors shall create a warranty or in any way increase the scope of 
this warranty and you may not rely on any such information or advice. 

Neither the authors of ATTAC nor anyone else who has been involved in the 
creation, production, or delivery of the product shall be liable for any 
direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages (including damages 
for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business 
information, loss of health or any loss whatsoever) arising out of the use 
or inability to use such product, even if the authors of ATTAC has been 
advised of the possibility of such damages. 

This warranty gives you specific rights.  You may have other rights which 
vary by state and country, and certain limitations contained in the 
limited warranty that may not apply to you. 

This agreement be governed by the laws of the state of New York. 
